[singing voice] Aniplex.
[techno music]
[car engine revving]
[Katsuto] Shiba,
this plot is your brainchild,
so you should issue
the commands.
Got it.
Hey, Leo.
You secure our retreat.
[Tatsuya] Erika, you assist Leo.
Deal with anyone who tries
to escape.
[scoffs]
Don't you want any
of them captured?
Our top priority
is to neutralize them all.
Just make sure that gets done,
and safely.
Chairman, please head
for the rear exit with Kirihara.
[Tatsuya] Miyuki and I will go
break in head‐on.
Okay, got it.
That's a good plan.
[Katsuto] There it is.
[tires squealing]
Leo, let's go!
Enter!
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ That's rising hope ♪♪
♪♪ Hey welcome
to our special rising ♪♪
♪♪ Can you distance standby
Here we go ♪♪
[LiSA's "Rising Hope"]
♪♪ ♪♪
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ Pay attention
Hey what is it ♪♪
♪♪ Watch your step now ♪♪
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ Are you serious
No, no, no, don't worry ♪♪
♪♪ One two three ♪♪
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ I'm feeling magical ♪♪
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ I seen my hope ♪♪
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ That's rising hope ♪♪
[wind gently blowing]
[footsteps]
[digital rumbling]
Come on, Miyuki.
All right.
[door clangs closed]
[grunts]
[Hajime] Why, hello there.
Nice to meet you, Tatsuya Shiba.
And also her highness
standing next to you.
Is that your
younger sister Miyuki?
Are you the leader of Blanche
in Japan?
Ah.
How rude of me.
Correct, I'm the leader
of Blanche in Japan.
I'm Hajime Tsukasa.
I see.
Well, I"m going to go ahead
and recommend
that you surrender.
I advise you all
to put your weapons down
and your hands
behind your heads.
[laughing maniacally]
If you really think that magic
is such an absolute power,
then you're sadly mistaken.
[chuckling]
[Hajime] Tatsuya Shiba.
It's in your best interest
to join us.
Your ability
to perform cast jamming without
the use of antinite,
I'm keenly interested
in that technique.
So using Miss Mibu
to make contact with me
and having
your brother assault me
was all just for this?
[grunts]
Oh, my.
I do so like
an intelligent child.
Yet the fact that you
were aware of that
and still showed up here proves
you're a child.
[Hajime] Tatsuya Shiba,
you'll join us as our comrade.
[magical whirring]
[chuckles]
[Tatsuya] Consciousness
interference‐type magic,
or Evil‐Eye.
At least,
that's what you call it,
but in reality...
The hypnotic pattern of light
is projected onto
your subject's retinas.
It's a light wave
oscillation type.
Magic invocation.
‐ Hypnosis, nothing more.
‐ [gasps]
[Tatsuya] Is that how you
replaced Miss Mibu's memories?
Hey, Brother,
are you...
Well, those
inconsistent memories of hers,
so intense they couldn't
have been natural.
[gasps]
Why, you‐‐savages!
[Hajime] How dare you?
You do know you're pathetic,
right?
[Tatsuya] You try
to draw my attention
to your glasses and away
from your left hand which
was controlling the CAD.
As if I'd be so easily fooled.
As long as I can see
the activation sequence,
all I have to do
is delete part of it.
Then that renders your
tacky spell nothing more
than light signals.
How did you do that?
I don't get it.
Wasn't your magic counter attack
cast jamming, you bastard?
Bastard, you say?
So we're stooping
to name‐calling.
Your pretense of greatness
has been stripped away.
Fire!
[all gasping]
What the‐‐
[Man] The hell's going on?
[shuddering]
[gasping]
[screaming]
Now, Brother.
You go after him.
I'll handle this.
All right.
[all whimpering]
Why, you‐‐
[shouting]
[Man grunting]
You utter fool.
[all gasping]
Don't overdo it.
It's hardly worth it
to get your hands dirty
on their account.
Yes, you're right.
Hmm.
[Miyuki] You all
are certainly out of luck.
If only you hadn't raised hands
against my brother.
I would have let you people off
with only a little bit of pain.
‐ [Man] It can't be!
‐ [Man 2] What the hell?
[Man 3 gasps]
My body!
I can't move my legs!
Please, you have to let us go!
Just pray that you'll at least
be spared your lives.
A wide oscillation
deceleration spell!
She's using Niflheim!
[gasps]
[exhales sharply]
[exhales]
[gunfire]
[techno music]
Kirihara!
Go!
[shouting]
[gasps]
[groans]
[grunts]
[both grunting]
[snarls]
[blows landing]
[all groaning]
‐ [grunts]
‐ [Katsuto] Kirihara.
Hmm?
[grunts]
Let's go.
[exhales sharply]
[grunts]
[digital whooshing]
[gasps]
[Man] Our weapons!
[all gasping]
[door clanging open]
[gasping]
[chuckles nervously]
[Hajime] What do you think,
magician?
Actual cast jamming?
[Tatsuya] That's a lot
of antinite‐‐
a military resource made
by ancient civilizations
at high altitudes.
Your patrons
are the breakaway regimes
of Ukraine‐Belarus...
[gasps]
[Tatsuya] And your sponsor,
the Great Asian Alliance?
[gasps]
Destroy him!
[guns cocking]
[all shouting]
[gasps]
[Man screaming]
[shudders]
Impossible!
How can you cast
spell invocations
while under cast jamming?
[grunts]
[screams]
[Takeaki] Not too shabby,
big bro Shiba.
So then,
who's this dude?
[Tatsuya] Blanche's leader,
Hajime Tsukasa.
Is it now?
[whimpering]
You're the bastard!
[screams]
This is the son of a bitch
who brainwashed Sayaka!
[blow lands]
[Hajime screams]
[Katsuto] Better stop
right there.
[Hajime screaming]
[magical whooshing]
Did we get them all, Shiba?
Most likely.
[weapon clicks]
[distant sirens blaring]
[Leonhard] So I guess it's over,
huh?
‐ What a letdown.
‐ Total bummer.
The two of us came all this way
to get left on the sidelines.
[Leonhard] Well, it's not like
the chairman and Tatsuya
would let anyone slip through
the cracks.
Yeah, and having to hold down
the fort with you made it feel
like even more of a bummer.
What'd you just say?
‐ [chuckles]
‐ [gasps]
‐ Brother!
‐ Mm?
Are you okay?
Did you hurt yourself?
Don't worry.
I'm all good.
[exhales sharply]
[Miyuki] Brother, I...
[Tatsuya] It's all right.
Huh?
[gasping]
[chuckles]
Thank you, Brother!
[exhales]
It means more than you know.
[Tatsuya] So.
You've recovered
from your injuries, then.
[Sayaka] Yes.
The wound I got from that battle
with Miss Chiba
wasn't a big deal to begin with.
But do you remember how I
was completely wrong
about Miss Watanabe before?
To make sure that none
of my other memories
are that messed up,
they said I need to stay
in the hospital
for a little longer.
[Tatsuya] Kendo team
captain Tsukasa
has been hospitalized
for that same reason.
[Sayaka] He has?
[Tatsuya] But under
the circumstances,
I hear no criminal charges
are being brought against him.
‐ [exhales]
‐ [Tatsuya] Of course,
it looks like none
of the students
at our school
will be reprimanded
for their roles
in this incident.
[gasps]
Are you serious?
I am,
so you don't need
to worry anymore
about being prosecuted
for conspiring with any
of those people, either.
[gasps]
[Tatsuya] Since
the school's accountability
would come under scrutiny,
they seem to want
to keep it under wraps.
Hmm.
[Tatsuya] Anyway,
when do you think
the doctors will discharge you?
Mm, well,
it's supposed to be around May.
[Tatsuya] I see.
And please let me know
when you have the exact date.
I'll be coming to help
you celebrate getting out.
[giggles]
Wow, that's so considerate
of you.
[Sayaka] Thanks, Shiba.
When I know which day
I'll be leaving,
I'll let you know.
[suspenseful music]
♪♪ ♪♪
[Tatsuya] Mr. Hayama.
[Maya] Oh, really?
All Tatsuya did
was fulfill his duty
as Miyuki's guardian, eh?
[Tadanori] Do you think
it would be wise
to leave things as they are?
I'm fine with it.
As long as he remains
Miyuki's guardian.
[Maya] Tatsuya
can't possibly betray
the Yotsuba family,
after all.
[birds chirping]
[Miyuki] Isn't that Kirihara
over there with Miss Mibu?
They seem very friendly
with each other.
And apparently
he's been visiting every day.
Really?
That's so surprising.
[groans]
Fine, then.
I guess there really
is no flustering you.
Wrong.
I was surprised.
Hmm?
Who knew that Kirihara
could be so diligent?
[Erika] That's not what I mean!
Tatsuya, everything you say
and do is so twisted.
No wonder Saya dumped
your sorry ass.
Erika, why did you say Saya?
Are you talking about Miss Mibu?
[Erika] Huh?
Obviously.
You two have gotten
really chummy.
[Erika] That's what I do.
[exhales]
Pardon, Miss Mibu?
[both grunting]
Hi, Tatsuya.
Hmm?
Congratulations
on being discharged.
Thanks, Miyuki.
[Erika] Really, Saya,
you don't know how...
Excuse me.
Are you Shiba?
Hello, my name is Yuuzou Mibu,
and Sayaka is my daughter.
[Yuuzou] Do you have a minute?
Yes.
[Yuuzou] I just want to say
I'm very grateful to you, Shiba.
It's thanks
to you that my daughter
was able to recover.
[Tatsuya] Honestly,
I barely did anything.
It was my sister and Chiba
who talked her through it.
Truth be told,
I callously pushed her away.
She should despise me.
I don't deserve your gratitude.
I could never bring myself
to show our daughter
any tough love.
[Yuuzou] I was aware
that Sayaka's magic skills
weren't coming along,
but I never truly grasped
how much suffering
it had been causing her
all that time.
Sayaka said that listening
to you open up made her remember
what it was to be torn...
And that realization
shook her awake
from the nightmare.
She said when you assured her
she hadn't wasted her time,
she was saved.
[grunts]
So please allow me
to say thank you.
I must insist,
I didn't do anything
to earn your gratitude.
Hmm.
So you are indeed the kind
of man Kazama said you were.
[gasps]
Wait.
You're acquainted
with Major Kazama?
[Yuuzou] I'm already retired,
myself,
but he's an old comrade
in arms who once shared
a barracks with me.
As for what Kazama told me,
I won't say a word to anybody
so you can rest assured.
I wanted to tell you
that my wife and I
both know you were the one
who really saved
our daughter's life.
I genuinely hope you know that.
You have my deepest thanks.
[giggles]
Huh?
Hey, Tatsuya!
What was my dad just talking
to you about?
[Tatsuya] That someone
who once looked after me
when I was younger
is a close friend
of your father's.
That's pretty much
the gist of it.
Oh, what a coincidence.
Yeah, it certainly
is a small world.
So Tatsuya and Saya really do
have a strong connection.
It's like fate.
Hey, Saya,
why did you jump ship
from the Tatsuya love boat over
to Kirihara's?
Admit it.
You were in love with Tatsuya,
right?
Hey, come on now, Erika.
Stop.
If it only came down to looks,
I think Tatsuya
would obviously win, you know?
You really take rudeness
to a whole new level.
When it comes to men...
Looks really aren't everything.
[Takeaki grunts]
Seriously!
You're gonna regret that,
damn it!
[Erika] Gimmie a break.
Anyway, Saya,
was Kirihara's persistence
the clincher?
Did you get weak in the knees
over how awkward he is?
[groans]
Well, yes,
if I'm going
to be honest with myself.
I think I was in love
with him originally.
[both gasping]
He has something I admire;
an unwavering strength
in his heart and his soul.
Still,
even though I did respect him,
he also frightened me.
[grunts]
[Sayaka] It wouldn't matter
how hard
or fast I ran after him.
In reality,
I could never,
ever catch up to him.
I could never get
as strong as him.
[grunts]
[Sayaka] Kirihara, though,
even if we fought sometimes,
I thought that he was someone
who would always walk
at the same pace as I do.
I guess that's the reason.
[grunts]
[giggles]
That's a great story.
So what about you, Kirihara?
How long have you been pining
for Saya?
[Takeaki] Man, give it a rest,
will ya?
Who cares about that stuff?
It's none of your business!
Yeah, he's right, Erika.
The amount
of time hardly matters.
Huh?
[Tatsuya] The important
thing here
is Kirihara is seriously smitten
with Miss Mibu.
‐ Wait, hold up!
‐ Oh, yeah?
[Tatsuya] I can't go into detail
on account of confidentiality,
but when I saw
the brave figure Kirihara cut
while facing down
Blanche's leader,
I knew I was simply no match
for him as a man.
Do me a favor, Tatsuya.
What is it?
Tell me in secret later, okay?
‐ [giggles]
‐ Man, you are such a gossip!
You, too, Shiba!
If you talk,
I'll make you pay!
[Tatsuya] My lips are sealed.
[Erika] Aww,
what does it matter?
Shut up, Shiba!
[grunts]
‐ [Erika giggles]
‐ [Takeaki] It does matter!
‐ [Erika] Come on!
‐ [Takeaki] Get back here!
[Erika] You can't catch me,
lover boy!
‐ [giggles]
‐ [Takeaki] Gotcha now!
[groans]
[giggles]
I can't believe
you just did that.
[Miyuki] Brother?
[Tatsuya] Yeah?
Just so you know,
I would follow you wherever
you go no matter what.
[Miyuki] Even if you were
to rush off into
the distance at the speed
of sound.
Even if you were
to burst through the skies
climbing even higher towards
the stars.
[chuckles]
If I had to pick one of us,
I would argue I'm more likely
to get left behind by you.
For now,
how about instead of us reaching
for the heavens,
we both try to keep our feet
on the ground?
[Miyuki] Are you going back
to school now?
[Tatsuya] Yeah.
If I miss my practical
skills class,
I'll have to make it up over
the weekend.
Um, Brother,
Isn't it hard on you having
to go to Magic School?
If it were under
normal circumstances,
there'd be no reason for you
to go to high school at all,
considering your abilities.
And despite that,
you're allowing yourself
to become the object
of people's scorn.
You're forcing yourself
for my sake.
Miyuki.
[Tatsuya] No one's twisting
my arm to make me be here.
'Cause I know right now's
the only time
I'll have
to experience ordinary life.
[gasps]
And I enjoy being
a regular student alongside
my sister.
Me, too, Brother.
[Tatsuya] So on that note...
Why don't we go back
to our ordinary lives for today?
[ELISA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ Shape of my love ♪♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ Eternal song ♪♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪
[buzzing]
[grunts]
[booming]
[Masaki exhales]
[George] Good work in there,
Masaki.
I'm impressed.
[grunts]
Thanks, George.
So, did you hear this news yet?
[tense music]
♪♪ ♪♪
[Masaki] Imagine that.
A terrorist invasion over
at First High.
Although, it looks like
the incident itself
has already been resolved,
apparently.
[Masaki] Sounds like there
were casualties.
Hmm?
You're worried about our rivals?
[Masaki] No.
I'm sure that it
was the terrorists
who sustained the injuries.
[water shuts off]
This First High,
home to two direct descendants
of the Ten Master Clans,
among others.
I was just wondering if perhaps
they took it a little overboard
with their defense.
[laughs]
That's so like you.
But no matter how powerful
the First High student body
may be,
you, Masaki‐‐
the Crimson Prince‐‐
you have no peer.
True.